README.md, before:

R Basics
========

The iPython notebooks in this repository are notebook skeletons that we will fill in together in class. They
are meant to help you take lecture notes during. Clone the repository and launch the ipython notebook in that 
repository. 

To spare you intallation troubles, we have created a linux virturl box (called "OskiBox") where everything you'll need for this class has already been installed. You'll find detailed instruction on how to set up the virtual box [here](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ybM5k73-b38dvYDbr8QX01l15SNgfysdS7wDmlQDBcY/pub).


You'll find an copy of the class lecture  


1. [Introduction](http://nbviewer.ipython.org/urls/db.tt/uIXufQ0y?create=1)
1. [Data Types](http://nbviewer.ipython.org/urls/db.tt/zSA4xYJb?create=1)
1. [Statements](http://nbviewer.ipython.org/urls/db.tt/UPgYu9Tc?create=1)
1. [Scripts](http://nbviewer.ipython.org/urls/db.tt/samZLs3B?create=1)
1. [Functions](http://nbviewer.ipython.org/urls/db.tt/SRJa3JKK?create=1)
1. [Algorithms](http://nbviewer.ipython.org/urls/db.tt/pytHwosk?create=1)
1. [Data Structures](http://nbviewer.ipython.org/urls/db.tt/a4X2QSLD?create=1)
1. [Classes](http://nbviewer.ipython.org/urls/db.tt/d7qy5GaW?create=1)
1. [Libraries](http://nbviewer.ipython.org/urls/db.tt/oOJMHvFC?create=1)
1. [Arrays](http://nbviewer.ipython.org/urls/db.tt/80ZA9ZWL?create=1)
1. [Data Frames](http://nbviewer.ipython.org/urls/db.tt/Rctqxosk?create=1)




**Older Versions**:

* [Anatomy of the language](http://nbviewer.ipython.org/urls/db.tt/Y8RsLFIC?create=1)
* [Data Types and Data Structures](http://nbviewer.ipython.org/urls/db.tt/QxPG9UwO?create=1)

Commit message:

update readme with cloud instructions

README.md, after:

R Basics
========

The iPython notebooks in this repository are skeletons that we will fill in together during class time. They
are meant to help you take notes during class. Clone this repository and launch the ipython notebook in it. 

To spare you installation troubles, we have created a linux virtual box (called "OskiBox"), where everything you'll need for this class has already been installed. You'll find detailed instructions on how to set up the virtual box [here](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ybM5k73-b38dvYDbr8QX01l15SNgfysdS7wDmlQDBcY/pub).

You'll also be able to access cloud machine we set up for the class by following the instructions [here](https://docs.google.com/a/berkeley.edu/document/d/14VhcyR_ii19-jnJwUjvOeJe26OJSVZpCjGrsiBnSBxA/pub).

You'll be able to access an html version of the skeleton notebooks, filled in with what we type in during class, at the following links, or at the following website: [http://benoitdherin.github.io/R-basics](http://benoitdherin.github.io/R-basics).


1. [Introduction](http://nbviewer.ipython.org/urls/db.tt/uIXufQ0y?create=1)
1. [Data Types](http://nbviewer.ipython.org/urls/db.tt/zSA4xYJb?create=1)
1. [Statements](http://nbviewer.ipython.org/urls/db.tt/UPgYu9Tc?create=1)
1. [Scripts](http://nbviewer.ipython.org/urls/db.tt/samZLs3B?create=1)
1. [Functions](http://nbviewer.ipython.org/urls/db.tt/SRJa3JKK?create=1)
1. [Algorithms](http://nbviewer.ipython.org/urls/db.tt/pytHwosk?create=1)
1. [Data Structures](http://nbviewer.ipython.org/urls/db.tt/a4X2QSLD?create=1)
1. [Classes](http://nbviewer.ipython.org/urls/db.tt/d7qy5GaW?create=1)
1. [Libraries](http://nbviewer.ipython.org/urls/db.tt/oOJMHvFC?create=1)
1. [Arrays](http://nbviewer.ipython.org/urls/db.tt/80ZA9ZWL?create=1)
1. [Data Frames](http://nbviewer.ipython.org/urls/db.tt/Rctqxosk?create=1)

The following two contain previous years lecture notes:

* [Anatomy of the language](http://nbviewer.ipython.org/urls/db.tt/Y8RsLFIC?create=1)
* [Data Types and Data Structures](http://nbviewer.ipython.org/urls/db.tt/QxPG9UwO?create=1)
